# Boutique-Management-System
ABSTRACT
This project is designed to demonstrate how the work of the shop manager can be made easier. Software applications are used in our daily life but there are few areas like showrooms, cloth stores where there is the necessity for management software for storing the details of the items, addition of new products, frequent updation, deletion, and searching for a particular item. In order to fulfill this gap, we have designed a boutique management software application for cloth stores. The purpose of the Boutique management system is to automate the present manual system with the help of computerized equipment and full-fledged computer software not only fulfilling their requirements but also enables the storage of valid data for a longer time. This is achieved by using the concept of files. Changes are reflected in the file whenever a new product is added, deleted, or updated. This project enables the admin to search for particular products which facilitates easy updation or deletion of the product This Boutique Management system, as described above, can lead to an error-free, secure, reliable, and fast management system. The application can only be accessed by authorized users. This is achieved by adding login credentials. So, the user has to enter the correct login credentials before entering into the application. Record-keeping which is done by the files as stated above. Users can maintain computerized records without redundant entries (product codes can't be repeated). That means that one need not be distracted by information that is not relevant while being able to reach the information. The application can be closed after carrying out the desired operation. This project can further be extended to departmental stores, libraries, or to any other system.
